DOCSP-46049 First-Round Edits: Auth Page (#64)
mongodb/docs-atlas-architecture: source/auth.txt

{+atlas-ui+} manages user identities in a MongoDB-controlled Okta

> instance, encrypted and stored securely. You must also configure IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instance, encrypted and stored securely. You must also configure the IP
```

|service| supports the following options for |service| database

> authentication. In development and test environments, create separate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authentication. In development and test environments, create a separate
```

project with {+cluster+} and grant users ``Project Data Access
Admin`` roles. In staging and production environments, we recommend
granting only programmatic access by using Workforce Identity

> Federation. 

Reviewer: Can we link to the Workforce docs here?

|service| also supports creating temporary database users
that automatically expire after the predefined times. A user can be
created for the following periods: 

- 6 hours
- 1 day
- 1 week

> We recommend using secrets manager like `HashiCorp Vault

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using a secrets manager like `HashiCorp Vault
```

<https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/secrets/databases/mongodbatlas>`__

> for generating database credentials dynamically based on configured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to generate database credentials dynamically based on configured
```

- :ref:`oidc-authentication-workload`
- :ref:`set-up-pwdless-auth`

X.509 Client Certificates and SCRAM 
```````````````````````````````````

> The best practice is to leverage a 3rd party federated identity provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that you leverage a third-party federated identity provider
```

for accessing all aspects of the |service| control and data plane.
|service| {+clusters+} do support :manual:`x.509
</core/security-x.509/>` client certificates and :manual:`SCRAM

> </core/security-scram/>` for user authentication. However, use these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</core/security-scram/>` for user authentication but you should use these
```

> only if you don't have an identity provider for federation. If you 

Reviewer: I would break this into 2 paragraphs since they're separate ideas

```suggestion
only if you don't have an identity provider for federation. 

If you 
```

> leverage these authentication methods, we recommend that you use complex
> passwords and store and credentials in a 3rd party secrets manager like
> `HashiCorp Vault <https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/secrets/databases/mongodbatlas>`__
> or |aws|. Alternatively, implement automatic credential rotation or
> create one-time password through your PAM system for each access.

Reviewer: What does PAM stand for? And some minor fixes

```suggestion
leverage x.509 or SCRAM authentication, we recommend that you use complex
passwords and store credentials in a third-party secrets manager like
`HashiCorp Vault <https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/secrets/databases/mongodbatlas>`__
or |aws|. Alternatively, implement automatic credential rotation or
create a one-time password through your PAM system for each access.
```

flexibility needed to programmatically assign :abbr:`IdP (Identity Provider)` 
groups to |service| roles. You should restrict your company's domain from 
preventing users from logging into |service| when they are not authorized 
for access, which you can do by following the procedure in
:atlas:`Manage Domain Mapping for Federated Authentication 

> </atlas/security/manage-domain-mapping/>`. From here,  we recommend that

Reviewer: This 404s, need to remove "atlas" from the URL
```suggestion
</security/manage-domain-mapping/>`. From here,  we recommend that
```

projects or individual {+clusters+}. In staging and production
environments, we recommend using Identity Federation to streamline 
access management by linking your Identity Provider (IdP) to |service| 
for a more modern and streamlined authentication and authorization flow
for data access.  

Only allow workload authentication in production. You can leverage workforce 
authentication during development and in lower environments. By configuring
:atlas:`Group Membership </workforce-oidc/>` in your :abbr:`IdP (Identity
Provider)`, you can map groups to database users, simplifying access
control within the :abbr:`IdP (Identity Provider)`. However, for
workload identities, we recommend assigning roles directly using the

> 'users' claim instead of 'groups.' In development and test environments,

Reviewer: We should probably either use guilabel or backticks here
```suggestion
``users`` claim instead of ``groups``. In development and test environments,
```
